Add changelog for 8.0.1 (#2850)
nextcloud/spreed: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## 8.0.1 – 2020-01-27
### Added
- Add details to "New in Talk 8" list
  [#2812](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/pull/2812)
- Allow to "right click" > "Copy link address" on the conversations list again
  [#2832](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/pull/2832)
- Add an indicator to the participant list if a user is in the call
  [#2840](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/pull/2840)

### Changed
- Require confirmation before deleting a conversation
  [#2843](https://github.com/nextcloud/spreed/pull/2843)

### Fixed

> - Readd missing shortcuts for turning on/off audio (m) and video (v)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Re-add missing shortcuts for turning on/off audio (m) and video (v)
```
